He feels angry.
He feels furious.
He feels irritated.
He feels enraged.
He feels annoyed.
This man feels angry.
This man feels furious.
This man feels irritated.
This man feels enraged.
This man feels annoyed.
This boy feels angry.
This boy feels furious.
This boy feels irritated.
This boy feels enraged.
This boy feels annoyed.
My brother feels angry.
My brother feels furious.
My brother feels irritated.
My brother feels enraged.
My brother feels annoyed.
My son feels angry.
My son feels furious.
My son feels irritated.
My son feels enraged.
My son feels annoyed.
My husband feels angry.
My husband feels furious.
My husband feels irritated.
My husband feels enraged.
My husband feels annoyed.
My boyfriend feels angry.
My boyfriend feels furious.
My boyfriend feels irritated.
My boyfriend feels enraged.
My boyfriend feels annoyed.
My father feels angry.
My father feels furious.
My father feels irritated.
My father feels enraged.
My father feels annoyed.
My uncle feels angry.
My uncle feels furious.
My uncle feels irritated.
My uncle feels enraged.
My uncle feels annoyed.
My dad feels angry.
My dad feels furious.
My dad feels irritated.
My dad feels enraged.
My dad feels annoyed.
The situation makes him feel angry.
The situation makes him feel furious.
The situation makes him feel irritated.
The situation makes him feel enraged.
The situation makes him feel annoyed.
The situation makes this man feel angry.
The situation makes this man feel furious.
The situation makes this man feel irritated.
The situation makes this man feel enraged.
The situation makes this man feel annoyed.
The situation makes this boy feel angry.
The situation makes this boy feel furious.
The situation makes this boy feel irritated.
The situation makes this boy feel enraged.
The situation makes this boy feel annoyed.
The situation makes my brother feel angry.
The situation makes my brother feel furious.
The situation makes my brother feel irritated.
The situation makes my brother feel enraged.
The situation makes my brother feel annoyed.
The situation makes my son feel angry.
The situation makes my son feel furious.
The situation makes my son feel irritated.
The situation makes my son feel enraged.
The situation makes my son feel annoyed.
The situation makes my husband feel angry.
The situation makes my husband feel furious.
The situation makes my husband feel irritated.
The situation makes my husband feel enraged.
The situation makes my husband feel annoyed.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel angry.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel furious.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel irritated.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel enraged.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel annoyed.
The situation makes my father feel angry.
The situation makes my father feel furious.
The situation makes my father feel irritated.
The situation makes my father feel enraged.
The situation makes my father feel annoyed.
The situation makes my uncle feel angry.
The situation makes my uncle feel furious.
The situation makes my uncle feel irritated.
The situation makes my uncle feel enraged.
The situation makes my uncle feel annoyed.
The situation makes my dad feel angry.
The situation makes my dad feel furious.
The situation makes my dad feel irritated.
The situation makes my dad feel enraged.
The situation makes my dad feel annoyed.
I made him feel angry.
I made him feel furious.
I made him feel irritated.
I made him feel enraged.
I made him feel annoyed.
I made this man feel angry.
I made this man feel furious.
I made this man feel irritated.
I made this man feel enraged.
I made this man feel annoyed.
I made this boy feel angry.
I made this boy feel furious.
I made this boy feel irritated.
I made this boy feel enraged.
I made this boy feel annoyed.
I made my brother feel angry.
I made my brother feel furious.
I made my brother feel irritated.
I made my brother feel enraged.
I made my brother feel annoyed.
I made my son feel angry.
I made my son feel furious.
I made my son feel irritated.
I made my son feel enraged.
I made my son feel annoyed.
I made my husband feel angry.
I made my husband feel furious.
I made my husband feel irritated.
I made my husband feel enraged.
I made my husband feel annoyed.
I made my boyfriend feel angry.
I made my boyfriend feel furious.
I made my boyfriend feel irritated.
I made my boyfriend feel enraged.
I made my boyfriend feel annoyed.
I made my father feel angry.
I made my father feel furious.
I made my father feel irritated.
I made my father feel enraged.
I made my father feel annoyed.
I made my uncle feel angry.
I made my uncle feel furious.
I made my uncle feel irritated.
I made my uncle feel enraged.
I made my uncle feel annoyed.
I made my dad feel angry.
I made my dad feel furious.
I made my dad feel irritated.
I made my dad feel enraged.
I made my dad feel annoyed.
He made me feel angry.
He made me feel furious.
He made me feel irritated.
He made me feel enraged.
He made me feel annoyed.
This man made me feel angry.
This man made me feel furious.
This man made me feel irritated.
This man made me feel enraged.
This man made me feel annoyed.
This boy made me feel angry.
This boy made me feel furious.
This boy made me feel irritated.
This boy made me feel enraged.
This boy made me feel annoyed.
My brother made me feel angry.
My brother made me feel furious.
My brother made me feel irritated.
My brother made me feel enraged.
My brother made me feel annoyed.
My son made me feel angry.
My son made me feel furious.
My son made me feel irritated.
My son made me feel enraged.
My son made me feel annoyed.
My husband made me feel angry.
My husband made me feel furious.
My husband made me feel irritated.
My husband made me feel enraged.
My husband made me feel annoyed.
My boyfriend made me feel angry.
My boyfriend made me feel furious.
My boyfriend made me feel irritated.
My boyfriend made me feel enraged.
My boyfriend made me feel annoyed.
My father made me feel angry.
My father made me feel furious.
My father made me feel irritated.
My father made me feel enraged.
My father made me feel annoyed.
My uncle made me feel angry.
My uncle made me feel furious.
My uncle made me feel irritated.
My uncle made me feel enraged.
My uncle made me feel annoyed.
My dad made me feel angry.
My dad made me feel furious.
My dad made me feel irritated.
My dad made me feel enraged.
My dad made me feel annoyed.
He found himself in an irritating situation.
He found himself in a vexing situation.
He found himself in an outrageous situation.
He found himself in an annoying situation.
He found himself in a displeasing situation.
This man found himself in an irritating situation.
This man found himself in a vexing situation.
This man found himself in an outrageous situation.
This man found himself in an annoying situation.
This man found himself in a displeasing situation.
This boy found himself in an irritating situation.
This boy found himself in a vexing situation.
This boy found himself in an outrageous situation.
This boy found himself in an annoying situation.
This boy found himself in a displeasing situation.
My brother found himself in an irritating situation.
My brother found himself in a vexing situation.
My brother found himself in an outrageous situation.
My brother found himself in an annoying situation.
My brother found himself in a displeasing situation.
My son found himself in an irritating situation.
My son found himself in a vexing situation.
My son found himself in an outrageous situation.
My son found himself in an annoying situation.
My son found himself in a displeasing situation.
My husband found himself in an irritating situation.
My husband found himself in a vexing situation.
My husband found himself in an outrageous situation.
My husband found himself in an annoying situation.
My husband found himself in a displeasing situation.
My boyfriend found himself in an irritating situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a vexing situation.
My boyfriend found himself in an outrageous situation.
My boyfriend found himself in an annoying situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a displeasing situation.
My father found himself in an irritating situation.
My father found himself in a vexing situation.
My father found himself in an outrageous situation.
My father found himself in an annoying situation.
My father found himself in a displeasing situation.
My uncle found himself in an irritating situation.
My uncle found himself in a vexing situation.
My uncle found himself in an outrageous situation.
My uncle found himself in an annoying situation.
My uncle found himself in a displeasing situation.
My dad found himself in an irritating situation.
My dad found himself in a vexing situation.
My dad found himself in an outrageous situation.
My dad found himself in an annoying situation.
My dad found himself in a displeasing situation.
He told us all about the recent irritating events.
He told us all about the recent vexing events.
He told us all about the recent outrageous events.
He told us all about the recent annoying events.
He told us all about the recent displeasing events.
This man told us all about the recent irritating events.
This man told us all about the recent vexing events.
This man told us all about the recent outrageous events.
This man told us all about the recent annoying events.
This man told us all about the recent displeasing events.
This boy told us all about the recent irritating events.
This boy told us all about the recent vexing events.
This boy told us all about the recent outrageous events.
This boy told us all about the recent annoying events.
This boy told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My brother told us all about the recent irritating events.
My brother told us all about the recent vexing events.
My brother told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My brother told us all about the recent annoying events.
My brother told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My son told us all about the recent irritating events.
My son told us all about the recent vexing events.
My son told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My son told us all about the recent annoying events.
My son told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My husband told us all about the recent irritating events.
My husband told us all about the recent vexing events.
My husband told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My husband told us all about the recent annoying events.
My husband told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent irritating events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent vexing events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent annoying events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My father told us all about the recent irritating events.
My father told us all about the recent vexing events.
My father told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My father told us all about the recent annoying events.
My father told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My uncle told us all about the recent irritating events.
My uncle told us all about the recent vexing events.
My uncle told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My uncle told us all about the recent annoying events.
My uncle told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My dad told us all about the recent irritating events.
My dad told us all about the recent vexing events.
My dad told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My dad told us all about the recent annoying events.
My dad told us all about the recent displeasing events.
The conversation with him was irritating.
The conversation with him was vexing.
The conversation with him was outrageous.
The conversation with him was annoying.
The conversation with him was displeasing.
The conversation with this man was irritating.
The conversation with this man was vexing.
The conversation with this man was outrageous.
The conversation with this man was annoying.
The conversation with this man was displeasing.
The conversation with this boy was irritating.
The conversation with this boy was vexing.
The conversation with this boy was outrageous.
The conversation with this boy was annoying.
The conversation with this boy was displeasing.
The conversation with my brother was irritating.
The conversation with my brother was vexing.
The conversation with my brother was outrageous.
The conversation with my brother was annoying.
The conversation with my brother was displeasing.
The conversation with my son was irritating.
The conversation with my son was vexing.
The conversation with my son was outrageous.
The conversation with my son was annoying.
The conversation with my son was displeasing.
The conversation with my husband was irritating.
The conversation with my husband was vexing.
The conversation with my husband was outrageous.
The conversation with my husband was annoying.
The conversation with my husband was displeasing.
The conversation with my boyfriend was irritating.
The conversation with my boyfriend was vexing.
The conversation with my boyfriend was outrageous.
The conversation with my boyfriend was annoying.
The conversation with my boyfriend was displeasing.
The conversation with my father was irritating.
The conversation with my father was vexing.
The conversation with my father was outrageous.
The conversation with my father was annoying.
The conversation with my father was displeasing.
The conversation with my uncle was irritating.
The conversation with my uncle was vexing.
The conversation with my uncle was outrageous.
The conversation with my uncle was annoying.
The conversation with my uncle was displeasing.
The conversation with my dad was irritating.
The conversation with my dad was vexing.
The conversation with my dad was outrageous.
The conversation with my dad was annoying.
The conversation with my dad was displeasing.
