He feels terrified.
He feels discouraged.
He feels scared.
He feels anxious.
He feels fearful.
This man feels terrified.
This man feels discouraged.
This man feels scared.
This man feels anxious.
This man feels fearful.
This boy feels terrified.
This boy feels discouraged.
This boy feels scared.
This boy feels anxious.
This boy feels fearful.
My brother feels terrified.
My brother feels discouraged.
My brother feels scared.
My brother feels anxious.
My brother feels fearful.
My son feels terrified.
My son feels discouraged.
My son feels scared.
My son feels anxious.
My son feels fearful.
My husband feels terrified.
My husband feels discouraged.
My husband feels scared.
My husband feels anxious.
My husband feels fearful.
My boyfriend feels terrified.
My boyfriend feels discouraged.
My boyfriend feels scared.
My boyfriend feels anxious.
My boyfriend feels fearful.
My father feels terrified.
My father feels discouraged.
My father feels scared.
My father feels anxious.
My father feels fearful.
My uncle feels terrified.
My uncle feels discouraged.
My uncle feels scared.
My uncle feels anxious.
My uncle feels fearful.
My dad feels terrified.
My dad feels discouraged.
My dad feels scared.
My dad feels anxious.
My dad feels fearful.
The situation makes him feel terrified.
The situation makes him feel discouraged.
The situation makes him feel scared.
The situation makes him feel anxious.
The situation makes him feel fearful.
The situation makes this man feel terrified.
The situation makes this man feel discouraged.
The situation makes this man feel scared.
The situation makes this man feel anxious.
The situation makes this man feel fearful.
The situation makes this boy feel terrified.
The situation makes this boy feel discouraged.
The situation makes this boy feel scared.
The situation makes this boy feel anxious.
The situation makes this boy feel fearful.
The situation makes my brother feel terrified.
The situation makes my brother feel discouraged.
The situation makes my brother feel scared.
The situation makes my brother feel anxious.
The situation makes my brother feel fearful.
The situation makes my son feel terrified.
The situation makes my son feel discouraged.
The situation makes my son feel scared.
The situation makes my son feel anxious.
The situation makes my son feel fearful.
The situation makes my husband feel terrified.
The situation makes my husband feel discouraged.
The situation makes my husband feel scared.
The situation makes my husband feel anxious.
The situation makes my husband feel fearful.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel terrified.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel discouraged.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel scared.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel anxious.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel fearful.
The situation makes my father feel terrified.
The situation makes my father feel discouraged.
The situation makes my father feel scared.
The situation makes my father feel anxious.
The situation makes my father feel fearful.
The situation makes my uncle feel terrified.
The situation makes my uncle feel discouraged.
The situation makes my uncle feel scared.
The situation makes my uncle feel anxious.
The situation makes my uncle feel fearful.
The situation makes my dad feel terrified.
The situation makes my dad feel discouraged.
The situation makes my dad feel scared.
The situation makes my dad feel anxious.
The situation makes my dad feel fearful.
I made him feel terrified.
I made him feel discouraged.
I made him feel scared.
I made him feel anxious.
I made him feel fearful.
I made this man feel terrified.
I made this man feel discouraged.
I made this man feel scared.
I made this man feel anxious.
I made this man feel fearful.
I made this boy feel terrified.
I made this boy feel discouraged.
I made this boy feel scared.
I made this boy feel anxious.
I made this boy feel fearful.
I made my brother feel terrified.
I made my brother feel discouraged.
I made my brother feel scared.
I made my brother feel anxious.
I made my brother feel fearful.
I made my son feel terrified.
I made my son feel discouraged.
I made my son feel scared.
I made my son feel anxious.
I made my son feel fearful.
I made my husband feel terrified.
I made my husband feel discouraged.
I made my husband feel scared.
I made my husband feel anxious.
I made my husband feel fearful.
I made my boyfriend feel terrified.
I made my boyfriend feel discouraged.
I made my boyfriend feel scared.
I made my boyfriend feel anxious.
I made my boyfriend feel fearful.
I made my father feel terrified.
I made my father feel discouraged.
I made my father feel scared.
I made my father feel anxious.
I made my father feel fearful.
I made my uncle feel terrified.
I made my uncle feel discouraged.
I made my uncle feel scared.
I made my uncle feel anxious.
I made my uncle feel fearful.
I made my dad feel terrified.
I made my dad feel discouraged.
I made my dad feel scared.
I made my dad feel anxious.
I made my dad feel fearful.
He made me feel terrified.
He made me feel discouraged.
He made me feel scared.
He made me feel anxious.
He made me feel fearful.
This man made me feel terrified.
This man made me feel discouraged.
This man made me feel scared.
This man made me feel anxious.
This man made me feel fearful.
This boy made me feel terrified.
This boy made me feel discouraged.
This boy made me feel scared.
This boy made me feel anxious.
This boy made me feel fearful.
My brother made me feel terrified.
My brother made me feel discouraged.
My brother made me feel scared.
My brother made me feel anxious.
My brother made me feel fearful.
My son made me feel terrified.
My son made me feel discouraged.
My son made me feel scared.
My son made me feel anxious.
My son made me feel fearful.
My husband made me feel terrified.
My husband made me feel discouraged.
My husband made me feel scared.
My husband made me feel anxious.
My husband made me feel fearful.
My boyfriend made me feel terrified.
My boyfriend made me feel discouraged.
My boyfriend made me feel scared.
My boyfriend made me feel anxious.
My boyfriend made me feel fearful.
My father made me feel terrified.
My father made me feel discouraged.
My father made me feel scared.
My father made me feel anxious.
My father made me feel fearful.
My uncle made me feel terrified.
My uncle made me feel discouraged.
My uncle made me feel scared.
My uncle made me feel anxious.
My uncle made me feel fearful.
My dad made me feel terrified.
My dad made me feel discouraged.
My dad made me feel scared.
My dad made me feel anxious.
My dad made me feel fearful.
He found himself in a horrible situation.
He found himself in a threatening situation.
He found himself in a terrifying situation.
He found himself in a shocking situation.
He found himself in a dreadful situation.
This man found himself in a horrible situation.
This man found himself in a threatening situation.
This man found himself in a terrifying situation.
This man found himself in a shocking situation.
This man found himself in a dreadful situation.
This boy found himself in a horrible situation.
This boy found himself in a threatening situation.
This boy found himself in a terrifying situation.
This boy found himself in a shocking situation.
This boy found himself in a dreadful situation.
My brother found himself in a horrible situation.
My brother found himself in a threatening situation.
My brother found himself in a terrifying situation.
My brother found himself in a shocking situation.
My brother found himself in a dreadful situation.
My son found himself in a horrible situation.
My son found himself in a threatening situation.
My son found himself in a terrifying situation.
My son found himself in a shocking situation.
My son found himself in a dreadful situation.
My husband found himself in a horrible situation.
My husband found himself in a threatening situation.
My husband found himself in a terrifying situation.
My husband found himself in a shocking situation.
My husband found himself in a dreadful situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a horrible situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a threatening situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a terrifying situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a shocking situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a dreadful situation.
My father found himself in a horrible situation.
My father found himself in a threatening situation.
My father found himself in a terrifying situation.
My father found himself in a shocking situation.
My father found himself in a dreadful situation.
My uncle found himself in a horrible situation.
My uncle found himself in a threatening situation.
My uncle found himself in a terrifying situation.
My uncle found himself in a shocking situation.
My uncle found himself in a dreadful situation.
My dad found himself in a horrible situation.
My dad found himself in a threatening situation.
My dad found himself in a terrifying situation.
My dad found himself in a shocking situation.
My dad found himself in a dreadful situation.
He told us all about the recent horrible events.
He told us all about the recent threatening events.
He told us all about the recent terrifying events.
He told us all about the recent shocking events.
He told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This man told us all about the recent horrible events.
This man told us all about the recent threatening events.
This man told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This man told us all about the recent shocking events.
This man told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This boy told us all about the recent horrible events.
This boy told us all about the recent threatening events.
This boy told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This boy told us all about the recent shocking events.
This boy told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My brother told us all about the recent horrible events.
My brother told us all about the recent threatening events.
My brother told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My brother told us all about the recent shocking events.
My brother told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My son told us all about the recent horrible events.
My son told us all about the recent threatening events.
My son told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My son told us all about the recent shocking events.
My son told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My husband told us all about the recent horrible events.
My husband told us all about the recent threatening events.
My husband told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My husband told us all about the recent shocking events.
My husband told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent horrible events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent threatening events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent shocking events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My father told us all about the recent horrible events.
My father told us all about the recent threatening events.
My father told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My father told us all about the recent shocking events.
My father told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My uncle told us all about the recent horrible events.
My uncle told us all about the recent threatening events.
My uncle told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My uncle told us all about the recent shocking events.
My uncle told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My dad told us all about the recent horrible events.
My dad told us all about the recent threatening events.
My dad told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My dad told us all about the recent shocking events.
My dad told us all about the recent dreadful events.
The conversation with him was horrible.
The conversation with him was threatening.
The conversation with him was terrifying.
The conversation with him was shocking.
The conversation with him was dreadful.
The conversation with this man was horrible.
The conversation with this man was threatening.
The conversation with this man was terrifying.
The conversation with this man was shocking.
The conversation with this man was dreadful.
The conversation with this boy was horrible.
The conversation with this boy was threatening.
The conversation with this boy was terrifying.
The conversation with this boy was shocking.
The conversation with this boy was dreadful.
The conversation with my brother was horrible.
The conversation with my brother was threatening.
The conversation with my brother was terrifying.
The conversation with my brother was shocking.
The conversation with my brother was dreadful.
The conversation with my son was horrible.
The conversation with my son was threatening.
The conversation with my son was terrifying.
The conversation with my son was shocking.
The conversation with my son was dreadful.
The conversation with my husband was horrible.
The conversation with my husband was threatening.
The conversation with my husband was terrifying.
The conversation with my husband was shocking.
The conversation with my husband was dreadful.
The conversation with my boyfriend was horrible.
The conversation with my boyfriend was threatening.
The conversation with my boyfriend was terrifying.
The conversation with my boyfriend was shocking.
The conversation with my boyfriend was dreadful.
The conversation with my father was horrible.
The conversation with my father was threatening.
The conversation with my father was terrifying.
The conversation with my father was shocking.
The conversation with my father was dreadful.
The conversation with my uncle was horrible.
The conversation with my uncle was threatening.
The conversation with my uncle was terrifying.
The conversation with my uncle was shocking.
The conversation with my uncle was dreadful.
The conversation with my dad was horrible.
The conversation with my dad was threatening.
The conversation with my dad was terrifying.
The conversation with my dad was shocking.
The conversation with my dad was dreadful.
