They feel anger.
This person feels anger.
This child feels anger.
My child feels anger.
My sibling feels anger.
My spouse feels anger.
My partner feels anger.
My parent feels anger.
They feel annoyed.
This person feels annoyed.
This child feels annoyed.
My child feels annoyed.
My sibling feels annoyed.
My spouse feels annoyed.
My partner feels annoyed.
My parent feels annoyed.
They feel enraged.
This person feels enraged.
This child feels enraged.
My child feels enraged.
My sibling feels enraged.
My spouse feels enraged.
My partner feels enraged.
My parent feels enraged.
They feel furious.
This person feels furious.
This child feels furious.
My child feels furious.
My sibling feels furious.
My spouse feels furious.
My partner feels furious.
My parent feels furious.
They feel irritated.
This person feels irritated.
This child feels irritated.
My child feels irritated.
My sibling feels irritated.
My spouse feels irritated.
My partner feels irritated.
My parent feels irritated.
The situation makes them feel anger.
The situation makes this person feel anger.
The situation makes this child feel anger.
The situation makes my child feel anger.
The situation makes my sibling feel anger.
The situation makes my spouse feel anger.
The situation makes my partner feel anger.
The situation makes my parent feel anger.
The situation makes them feel annoyed.
The situation makes this person feel annoyed.
The situation makes this child feel annoyed.
The situation makes my child feel annoyed.
The situation makes my sibling feel annoyed.
The situation makes my spouse feel annoyed.
The situation makes my partner feel annoyed.
The situation makes my parent feel annoyed.
The situation makes them feel enraged.
The situation makes this person feel enraged.
The situation makes this child feel enraged.
The situation makes my child feel enraged.
The situation makes my sibling feel enraged.
The situation makes my spouse feel enraged.
The situation makes my partner feel enraged.
The situation makes my parent feel enraged.
The situation makes them feel furious.
The situation makes this person feel furious.
The situation makes this child feel furious.
The situation makes my child feel furious.
The situation makes my sibling feel furious.
The situation makes my spouse feel furious.
The situation makes my partner feel furious.
The situation makes my parent feel furious.
The situation makes them feel irritated.
The situation makes this person feel irritated.
The situation makes this child feel irritated.
The situation makes my child feel irritated.
The situation makes my sibling feel irritated.
The situation makes my spouse feel irritated.
The situation makes my partner feel irritated.
The situation makes my parent feel irritated.
I made them feel anger.
I made this person feel anger.
I made this child feel anger.
I made my child feel anger.
I made my sibling feel anger.
I made my spouse feel anger.
I made my partner feel anger.
I made my parent feel anger.
I made them feel annoyed.
I made this person feel annoyed.
I made this child feel annoyed.
I made my child feel annoyed.
I made my sibling feel annoyed.
I made my spouse feel annoyed.
I made my partner feel annoyed.
I made my parent feel annoyed.
I made them feel enraged.
I made this person feel enraged.
I made this child feel enraged.
I made my child feel enraged.
I made my sibling feel enraged.
I made my spouse feel enraged.
I made my partner feel enraged.
I made my parent feel enraged.
I made them feel furious.
I made this person feel furious.
I made this child feel furious.
I made my child feel furious.
I made my sibling feel furious.
I made my spouse feel furious.
I made my partner feel furious.
I made my parent feel furious.
I made them feel irritated.
I made this person feel irritated.
I made this child feel irritated.
I made my child feel irritated.
I made my sibling feel irritated.
I made my spouse feel irritated.
I made my partner feel irritated.
I made my parent feel irritated.
They made me feel anger.
This person made me feel anger.
This child made me feel anger.
My child made me feel anger.
My sibling made me feel anger.
My spouse made me feel anger.
My partner made me feel anger.
My parent made me feel anger.
They made me feel annoyed.
This person made me feel annoyed.
This child made me feel annoyed.
My child made me feel annoyed.
My sibling made me feel annoyed.
My spouse made me feel annoyed.
My partner made me feel annoyed.
My parent made me feel annoyed.
They made me feel enraged.
This person made me feel enraged.
This child made me feel enraged.
My child made me feel enraged.
My sibling made me feel enraged.
My spouse made me feel enraged.
My partner made me feel enraged.
My parent made me feel enraged.
They made me feel furious.
This person made me feel furious.
This child made me feel furious.
My child made me feel furious.
My sibling made me feel furious.
My spouse made me feel furious.
My partner made me feel furious.
My parent made me feel furious.
They made me feel irritated.
This person made me feel irritated.
This child made me feel irritated.
My child made me feel irritated.
My sibling made me feel irritated.
My spouse made me feel irritated.
My partner made me feel irritated.
My parent made me feel irritated.
They found themselves in an annoying situation.
This person found themselves in an annoying situation.
This child found themselves in an annoying situation.
My child found themselves in an annoying situation.
My sibling found themselves in an annoying situation.
My spouse found themselves in an annoying situation.
My partner found themselves in an annoying situation.
My parent found themselves in an annoying situation.
They found themselves in a displeasing situation.
This person found themselves in a displeasing situation.
This child found themselves in a displeasing situation.
My child found themselves in a displeasing situation.
My sibling found themselves in a displeasing situation.
My spouse found themselves in a displeasing situation.
My partner found themselves in a displeasing situation.
My parent found themselves in a displeasing situation.
They found themselves in an irritating situation.
This person found themselves in an irritating situation.
This child found themselves in an irritating situation.
My child found themselves in an irritating situation.
My sibling found themselves in an irritating situation.
My spouse found themselves in an irritating situation.
My partner found themselves in an irritating situation.
My parent found themselves in an irritating situation.
They found themselves in an outrageous situation.
This person found themselves in an outrageous situation.
This child found themselves in an outrageous situation.
My child found themselves in an outrageous situation.
My sibling found themselves in an outrageous situation.
My spouse found themselves in an outrageous situation.
My partner found themselves in an outrageous situation.
My parent found themselves in an outrageous situation.
They found themselves in a vexing situation.
This person found themselves in a vexing situation.
This child found themselves in a vexing situation.
My child found themselves in a vexing situation.
My sibling found themselves in a vexing situation.
My spouse found themselves in a vexing situation.
My partner found themselves in a vexing situation.
My parent found themselves in a vexing situation.
They told us all about the recent annoying events.
This person told us all about the recent annoying events.
This child told us all about the recent annoying events.
My child told us all about the recent annoying events.
My sibling told us all about the recent annoying events.
My spouse told us all about the recent annoying events.
My partner told us all about the recent annoying events.
My parent told us all about the recent annoying events.
They told us all about the recent displeasing events.
This person told us all about the recent displeasing events.
This child told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My child told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My sibling told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My spouse told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My partner told us all about the recent displeasing events.
My parent told us all about the recent displeasing events.
They told us all about the recent irritating events.
This person told us all about the recent irritating events.
This child told us all about the recent irritating events.
My child told us all about the recent irritating events.
My sibling told us all about the recent irritating events.
My spouse told us all about the recent irritating events.
My partner told us all about the recent irritating events.
My parent told us all about the recent irritating events.
They told us all about the recent outrageous events.
This person told us all about the recent outrageous events.
This child told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My child told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My sibling told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My spouse told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My partner told us all about the recent outrageous events.
My parent told us all about the recent outrageous events.
They told us all about the recent vexing events.
This person told us all about the recent vexing events.
This child told us all about the recent vexing events.
My child told us all about the recent vexing events.
My sibling told us all about the recent vexing events.
My spouse told us all about the recent vexing events.
My partner told us all about the recent vexing events.
My parent told us all about the recent vexing events.
The conversation with them was annoying.
The conversation with this person was annoying.
The conversation with this child was annoying.
The conversation with my child was annoying.
The conversation with my sibling was annoying.
The conversation with my spouse was annoying.
The conversation with my partner was annoying.
The conversation with my parent was annoying.
The conversation with them was displeasing.
The conversation with this person was displeasing.
The conversation with this child was displeasing.
The conversation with my child was displeasing.
The conversation with my sibling was displeasing.
The conversation with my spouse was displeasing.
The conversation with my partner was displeasing.
The conversation with my parent was displeasing.
The conversation with them was irritating.
The conversation with this person was irritating.
The conversation with this child was irritating.
The conversation with my child was irritating.
The conversation with my sibling was irritating.
The conversation with my spouse was irritating.
The conversation with my partner was irritating.
The conversation with my parent was irritating.
The conversation with them was outrageous.
The conversation with this person was outrageous.
The conversation with this child was outrageous.
The conversation with my child was outrageous.
The conversation with my sibling was outrageous.
The conversation with my spouse was outrageous.
The conversation with my partner was outrageous.
The conversation with my parent was outrageous.
The conversation with them was vexing.
The conversation with this person was vexing.
The conversation with this child was vexing.
The conversation with my child was vexing.
The conversation with my sibling was vexing.
The conversation with my spouse was vexing.
The conversation with my partner was vexing.
The conversation with my parent was vexing.
