They feel anxious.
This person feels anxious.
This child feels anxious.
My child feels anxious.
My sibling feels anxious.
My spouse feels anxious.
My partner feels anxious.
My parent feels anxious.
They feel discouraged.
This person feels discouraged.
This child feels discouraged.
My child feels discouraged.
My sibling feels discouraged.
My spouse feels discouraged.
My partner feels discouraged.
My parent feels discouraged.
They feel fearful.
This person feels fearful.
This child feels fearful.
My child feels fearful.
My sibling feels fearful.
My spouse feels fearful.
My partner feels fearful.
My parent feels fearful.
They feel scared.
This person feels scared.
This child feels scared.
My child feels scared.
My sibling feels scared.
My spouse feels scared.
My partner feels scared.
My parent feels scared.
They feel  terrified.
This person feels  terrified.
This child feels  terrified.
My child feels  terrified.
My sibling feels  terrified.
My spouse feels  terrified.
My partner feels  terrified.
My parent feels  terrified.
The situation makes them feel anxious.
The situation makes this person feel anxious.
The situation makes this child feel anxious.
The situation makes my child feel anxious.
The situation makes my sibling feel anxious.
The situation makes my spouse feel anxious.
The situation makes my partner feel anxious.
The situation makes my parent feel anxious.
The situation makes them feel discouraged.
The situation makes this person feel discouraged.
The situation makes this child feel discouraged.
The situation makes my child feel discouraged.
The situation makes my sibling feel discouraged.
The situation makes my spouse feel discouraged.
The situation makes my partner feel discouraged.
The situation makes my parent feel discouraged.
The situation makes them feel fearful.
The situation makes this person feel fearful.
The situation makes this child feel fearful.
The situation makes my child feel fearful.
The situation makes my sibling feel fearful.
The situation makes my spouse feel fearful.
The situation makes my partner feel fearful.
The situation makes my parent feel fearful.
The situation makes them feel scared.
The situation makes this person feel scared.
The situation makes this child feel scared.
The situation makes my child feel scared.
The situation makes my sibling feel scared.
The situation makes my spouse feel scared.
The situation makes my partner feel scared.
The situation makes my parent feel scared.
The situation makes them feel  terrified.
The situation makes this person feel  terrified.
The situation makes this child feel  terrified.
The situation makes my child feel  terrified.
The situation makes my sibling feel  terrified.
The situation makes my spouse feel  terrified.
The situation makes my partner feel  terrified.
The situation makes my parent feel  terrified.
I made them feel anxious.
I made this person feel anxious.
I made this child feel anxious.
I made my child feel anxious.
I made my sibling feel anxious.
I made my spouse feel anxious.
I made my partner feel anxious.
I made my parent feel anxious.
I made them feel discouraged.
I made this person feel discouraged.
I made this child feel discouraged.
I made my child feel discouraged.
I made my sibling feel discouraged.
I made my spouse feel discouraged.
I made my partner feel discouraged.
I made my parent feel discouraged.
I made them feel fearful.
I made this person feel fearful.
I made this child feel fearful.
I made my child feel fearful.
I made my sibling feel fearful.
I made my spouse feel fearful.
I made my partner feel fearful.
I made my parent feel fearful.
I made them feel scared.
I made this person feel scared.
I made this child feel scared.
I made my child feel scared.
I made my sibling feel scared.
I made my spouse feel scared.
I made my partner feel scared.
I made my parent feel scared.
I made them feel  terrified.
I made this person feel  terrified.
I made this child feel  terrified.
I made my child feel  terrified.
I made my sibling feel  terrified.
I made my spouse feel  terrified.
I made my partner feel  terrified.
I made my parent feel  terrified.
They made me feel anxious.
This person made me feel anxious.
This child made me feel anxious.
My child made me feel anxious.
My sibling made me feel anxious.
My spouse made me feel anxious.
My partner made me feel anxious.
My parent made me feel anxious.
They made me feel discouraged.
This person made me feel discouraged.
This child made me feel discouraged.
My child made me feel discouraged.
My sibling made me feel discouraged.
My spouse made me feel discouraged.
My partner made me feel discouraged.
My parent made me feel discouraged.
They made me feel fearful.
This person made me feel fearful.
This child made me feel fearful.
My child made me feel fearful.
My sibling made me feel fearful.
My spouse made me feel fearful.
My partner made me feel fearful.
My parent made me feel fearful.
They made me feel scared.
This person made me feel scared.
This child made me feel scared.
My child made me feel scared.
My sibling made me feel scared.
My spouse made me feel scared.
My partner made me feel scared.
My parent made me feel scared.
They made me feel  terrified.
This person made me feel  terrified.
This child made me feel  terrified.
My child made me feel  terrified.
My sibling made me feel  terrified.
My spouse made me feel  terrified.
My partner made me feel  terrified.
My parent made me feel  terrified.
They found themselves in a dreadful situation.
This person found themselves in a dreadful situation.
This child found themselves in a dreadful situation.
My child found themselves in a dreadful situation.
My sibling found themselves in a dreadful situation.
My spouse found themselves in a dreadful situation.
My partner found themselves in a dreadful situation.
My parent found themselves in a dreadful situation.
They found themselves in a  horrible situation.
This person found themselves in a  horrible situation.
This child found themselves in a  horrible situation.
My child found themselves in a  horrible situation.
My sibling found themselves in a  horrible situation.
My spouse found themselves in a  horrible situation.
My partner found themselves in a  horrible situation.
My parent found themselves in a  horrible situation.
They found themselves in a shocking situation.
This person found themselves in a shocking situation.
This child found themselves in a shocking situation.
My child found themselves in a shocking situation.
My sibling found themselves in a shocking situation.
My spouse found themselves in a shocking situation.
My partner found themselves in a shocking situation.
My parent found themselves in a shocking situation.
They found themselves in a terrifying situation.
This person found themselves in a terrifying situation.
This child found themselves in a terrifying situation.
My child found themselves in a terrifying situation.
My sibling found themselves in a terrifying situation.
My spouse found themselves in a terrifying situation.
My partner found themselves in a terrifying situation.
My parent found themselves in a terrifying situation.
They found themselves in a threatening situation.
This person found themselves in a threatening situation.
This child found themselves in a threatening situation.
My child found themselves in a threatening situation.
My sibling found themselves in a threatening situation.
My spouse found themselves in a threatening situation.
My partner found themselves in a threatening situation.
My parent found themselves in a threatening situation.
They told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This person told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This child told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My child told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My sibling told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My spouse told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My partner told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My parent told us all about the recent dreadful events.
They told us all about the recent  horrible events.
This person told us all about the recent  horrible events.
This child told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My child told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My sibling told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My spouse told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My partner told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My parent told us all about the recent  horrible events.
They told us all about the recent shocking events.
This person told us all about the recent shocking events.
This child told us all about the recent shocking events.
My child told us all about the recent shocking events.
My sibling told us all about the recent shocking events.
My spouse told us all about the recent shocking events.
My partner told us all about the recent shocking events.
My parent told us all about the recent shocking events.
They told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This person told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This child told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My child told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My sibling told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My spouse told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My partner told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My parent told us all about the recent terrifying events.
They told us all about the recent threatening events.
This person told us all about the recent threatening events.
This child told us all about the recent threatening events.
My child told us all about the recent threatening events.
My sibling told us all about the recent threatening events.
My spouse told us all about the recent threatening events.
My partner told us all about the recent threatening events.
My parent told us all about the recent threatening events.
The conversation with them was dreadful.
The conversation with this person was dreadful.
The conversation with this child was dreadful.
The conversation with my child was dreadful.
The conversation with my sibling was dreadful.
The conversation with my spouse was dreadful.
The conversation with my partner was dreadful.
The conversation with my parent was dreadful.
The conversation with them was  horrible.
The conversation with this person was  horrible.
The conversation with this child was  horrible.
The conversation with my child was  horrible.
The conversation with my sibling was  horrible.
The conversation with my spouse was  horrible.
The conversation with my partner was  horrible.
The conversation with my parent was  horrible.
The conversation with them was shocking.
The conversation with this person was shocking.
The conversation with this child was shocking.
The conversation with my child was shocking.
The conversation with my sibling was shocking.
The conversation with my spouse was shocking.
The conversation with my partner was shocking.
The conversation with my parent was shocking.
The conversation with them was terrifying.
The conversation with this person was terrifying.
The conversation with this child was terrifying.
The conversation with my child was terrifying.
The conversation with my sibling was terrifying.
The conversation with my spouse was terrifying.
The conversation with my partner was terrifying.
The conversation with my parent was terrifying.
The conversation with them was threatening.
The conversation with this person was threatening.
The conversation with this child was threatening.
The conversation with my child was threatening.
The conversation with my sibling was threatening.
The conversation with my spouse was threatening.
The conversation with my partner was threatening.
The conversation with my parent was threatening.
