He feels anxious.
This man feels anxious.
This boy feels anxious.
My brother feels anxious.
My son feels anxious.
My husband feels anxious.
My boyfriend feels anxious.
My father feels anxious.
He feels discouraged.
This man feels discouraged.
This boy feels discouraged.
My brother feels discouraged.
My son feels discouraged.
My husband feels discouraged.
My boyfriend feels discouraged.
My father feels discouraged.
He feels fearful.
This man feels fearful.
This boy feels fearful.
My brother feels fearful.
My son feels fearful.
My husband feels fearful.
My boyfriend feels fearful.
My father feels fearful.
He feels scared.
This man feels scared.
This boy feels scared.
My brother feels scared.
My son feels scared.
My husband feels scared.
My boyfriend feels scared.
My father feels scared.
He feels  terrified.
This man feels  terrified.
This boy feels  terrified.
My brother feels  terrified.
My son feels  terrified.
My husband feels  terrified.
My boyfriend feels  terrified.
My father feels  terrified.
The situation makes him feel anxious.
The situation makes this man feel anxious.
The situation makes this boy feel anxious.
The situation makes my brother feel anxious.
The situation makes my son feel anxious.
The situation makes my husband feel anxious.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel anxious.
The situation makes my father feel anxious.
The situation makes him feel discouraged.
The situation makes this man feel discouraged.
The situation makes this boy feel discouraged.
The situation makes my brother feel discouraged.
The situation makes my son feel discouraged.
The situation makes my husband feel discouraged.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel discouraged.
The situation makes my father feel discouraged.
The situation makes him feel fearful.
The situation makes this man feel fearful.
The situation makes this boy feel fearful.
The situation makes my brother feel fearful.
The situation makes my son feel fearful.
The situation makes my husband feel fearful.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel fearful.
The situation makes my father feel fearful.
The situation makes him feel scared.
The situation makes this man feel scared.
The situation makes this boy feel scared.
The situation makes my brother feel scared.
The situation makes my son feel scared.
The situation makes my husband feel scared.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel scared.
The situation makes my father feel scared.
The situation makes him feel  terrified.
The situation makes this man feel  terrified.
The situation makes this boy feel  terrified.
The situation makes my brother feel  terrified.
The situation makes my son feel  terrified.
The situation makes my husband feel  terrified.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel  terrified.
The situation makes my father feel  terrified.
I made him feel anxious.
I made this man feel anxious.
I made this boy feel anxious.
I made my brother feel anxious.
I made my son feel anxious.
I made my husband feel anxious.
I made my boyfriend feel anxious.
I made my father feel anxious.
I made him feel discouraged.
I made this man feel discouraged.
I made this boy feel discouraged.
I made my brother feel discouraged.
I made my son feel discouraged.
I made my husband feel discouraged.
I made my boyfriend feel discouraged.
I made my father feel discouraged.
I made him feel fearful.
I made this man feel fearful.
I made this boy feel fearful.
I made my brother feel fearful.
I made my son feel fearful.
I made my husband feel fearful.
I made my boyfriend feel fearful.
I made my father feel fearful.
I made him feel scared.
I made this man feel scared.
I made this boy feel scared.
I made my brother feel scared.
I made my son feel scared.
I made my husband feel scared.
I made my boyfriend feel scared.
I made my father feel scared.
I made him feel  terrified.
I made this man feel  terrified.
I made this boy feel  terrified.
I made my brother feel  terrified.
I made my son feel  terrified.
I made my husband feel  terrified.
I made my boyfriend feel  terrified.
I made my father feel  terrified.
He made me feel anxious.
This man made me feel anxious.
This boy made me feel anxious.
My brother made me feel anxious.
My son made me feel anxious.
My husband made me feel anxious.
My boyfriend made me feel anxious.
My father made me feel anxious.
He made me feel discouraged.
This man made me feel discouraged.
This boy made me feel discouraged.
My brother made me feel discouraged.
My son made me feel discouraged.
My husband made me feel discouraged.
My boyfriend made me feel discouraged.
My father made me feel discouraged.
He made me feel fearful.
This man made me feel fearful.
This boy made me feel fearful.
My brother made me feel fearful.
My son made me feel fearful.
My husband made me feel fearful.
My boyfriend made me feel fearful.
My father made me feel fearful.
He made me feel scared.
This man made me feel scared.
This boy made me feel scared.
My brother made me feel scared.
My son made me feel scared.
My husband made me feel scared.
My boyfriend made me feel scared.
My father made me feel scared.
He made me feel  terrified.
This man made me feel  terrified.
This boy made me feel  terrified.
My brother made me feel  terrified.
My son made me feel  terrified.
My husband made me feel  terrified.
My boyfriend made me feel  terrified.
My father made me feel  terrified.
He found himself in a dreadful situation.
This man found himself in a dreadful situation.
This boy found himself in a dreadful situation.
My brother found himself in a dreadful situation.
My son found himself in a dreadful situation.
My husband found himself in a dreadful situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a dreadful situation.
My father found himself in a dreadful situation.
He found himself in a  horrible situation.
This man found himself in a  horrible situation.
This boy found himself in a  horrible situation.
My brother found himself in a  horrible situation.
My son found himself in a  horrible situation.
My husband found himself in a  horrible situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a  horrible situation.
My father found himself in a  horrible situation.
He found himself in a shocking situation.
This man found himself in a shocking situation.
This boy found himself in a shocking situation.
My brother found himself in a shocking situation.
My son found himself in a shocking situation.
My husband found himself in a shocking situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a shocking situation.
My father found himself in a shocking situation.
He found himself in a terrifying situation.
This man found himself in a terrifying situation.
This boy found himself in a terrifying situation.
My brother found himself in a terrifying situation.
My son found himself in a terrifying situation.
My husband found himself in a terrifying situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a terrifying situation.
My father found himself in a terrifying situation.
He found himself in a threatening situation.
This man found himself in a threatening situation.
This boy found himself in a threatening situation.
My brother found himself in a threatening situation.
My son found himself in a threatening situation.
My husband found himself in a threatening situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a threatening situation.
My father found himself in a threatening situation.
He told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This man told us all about the recent dreadful events.
This boy told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My brother told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My son told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My husband told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent dreadful events.
My father told us all about the recent dreadful events.
He told us all about the recent  horrible events.
This man told us all about the recent  horrible events.
This boy told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My brother told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My son told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My husband told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent  horrible events.
My father told us all about the recent  horrible events.
He told us all about the recent shocking events.
This man told us all about the recent shocking events.
This boy told us all about the recent shocking events.
My brother told us all about the recent shocking events.
My son told us all about the recent shocking events.
My husband told us all about the recent shocking events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent shocking events.
My father told us all about the recent shocking events.
He told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This man told us all about the recent terrifying events.
This boy told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My brother told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My son told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My husband told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent terrifying events.
My father told us all about the recent terrifying events.
He told us all about the recent threatening events.
This man told us all about the recent threatening events.
This boy told us all about the recent threatening events.
My brother told us all about the recent threatening events.
My son told us all about the recent threatening events.
My husband told us all about the recent threatening events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent threatening events.
My father told us all about the recent threatening events.
The conversation with him was dreadful.
The conversation with this man was dreadful.
The conversation with this boy was dreadful.
The conversation with my brother was dreadful.
The conversation with my son was dreadful.
The conversation with my husband was dreadful.
The conversation with my boyfriend was dreadful.
The conversation with my father was dreadful.
The conversation with him was  horrible.
The conversation with this man was  horrible.
The conversation with this boy was  horrible.
The conversation with my brother was  horrible.
The conversation with my son was  horrible.
The conversation with my husband was  horrible.
The conversation with my boyfriend was  horrible.
The conversation with my father was  horrible.
The conversation with him was shocking.
The conversation with this man was shocking.
The conversation with this boy was shocking.
The conversation with my brother was shocking.
The conversation with my son was shocking.
The conversation with my husband was shocking.
The conversation with my boyfriend was shocking.
The conversation with my father was shocking.
The conversation with him was terrifying.
The conversation with this man was terrifying.
The conversation with this boy was terrifying.
The conversation with my brother was terrifying.
The conversation with my son was terrifying.
The conversation with my husband was terrifying.
The conversation with my boyfriend was terrifying.
The conversation with my father was terrifying.
The conversation with him was threatening.
The conversation with this man was threatening.
The conversation with this boy was threatening.
The conversation with my brother was threatening.
The conversation with my son was threatening.
The conversation with my husband was threatening.
The conversation with my boyfriend was threatening.
The conversation with my father was threatening.
