He feels depressed.
This man feels depressed.
This boy feels depressed.
My brother feels depressed.
My son feels depressed.
My husband feels depressed.
My boyfriend feels depressed.
My father feels depressed.
He feels devastated.
This man feels devastated.
This boy feels devastated.
My brother feels devastated.
My son feels devastated.
My husband feels devastated.
My boyfriend feels devastated.
My father feels devastated.
He feels disappointed.
This man feels disappointed.
This boy feels disappointed.
My brother feels disappointed.
My son feels disappointed.
My husband feels disappointed.
My boyfriend feels disappointed.
My father feels disappointed.
He feels miserable.
This man feels miserable.
This boy feels miserable.
My brother feels miserable.
My son feels miserable.
My husband feels miserable.
My boyfriend feels miserable.
My father feels miserable.
He feels sad.
This man feels sad.
This boy feels sad.
My brother feels sad.
My son feels sad.
My husband feels sad.
My boyfriend feels sad.
My father feels sad.
The situation makes him feel depressed.
The situation makes this man feel depressed.
The situation makes this boy feel depressed.
The situation makes my brother feel depressed.
The situation makes my son feel depressed.
The situation makes my husband feel depressed.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel depressed.
The situation makes my father feel depressed.
The situation makes him feel devastated.
The situation makes this man feel devastated.
The situation makes this boy feel devastated.
The situation makes my brother feel devastated.
The situation makes my son feel devastated.
The situation makes my husband feel devastated.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel devastated.
The situation makes my father feel devastated.
The situation makes him feel disappointed.
The situation makes this man feel disappointed.
The situation makes this boy feel disappointed.
The situation makes my brother feel disappointed.
The situation makes my son feel disappointed.
The situation makes my husband feel disappointed.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel disappointed.
The situation makes my father feel disappointed.
The situation makes him feel miserable.
The situation makes this man feel miserable.
The situation makes this boy feel miserable.
The situation makes my brother feel miserable.
The situation makes my son feel miserable.
The situation makes my husband feel miserable.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel miserable.
The situation makes my father feel miserable.
The situation makes him feel sad.
The situation makes this man feel sad.
The situation makes this boy feel sad.
The situation makes my brother feel sad.
The situation makes my son feel sad.
The situation makes my husband feel sad.
The situation makes my boyfriend feel sad.
The situation makes my father feel sad.
I made him feel depressed.
I made this man feel depressed.
I made this boy feel depressed.
I made my brother feel depressed.
I made my son feel depressed.
I made my husband feel depressed.
I made my boyfriend feel depressed.
I made my father feel depressed.
I made him feel devastated.
I made this man feel devastated.
I made this boy feel devastated.
I made my brother feel devastated.
I made my son feel devastated.
I made my husband feel devastated.
I made my boyfriend feel devastated.
I made my father feel devastated.
I made him feel disappointed.
I made this man feel disappointed.
I made this boy feel disappointed.
I made my brother feel disappointed.
I made my son feel disappointed.
I made my husband feel disappointed.
I made my boyfriend feel disappointed.
I made my father feel disappointed.
I made him feel miserable.
I made this man feel miserable.
I made this boy feel miserable.
I made my brother feel miserable.
I made my son feel miserable.
I made my husband feel miserable.
I made my boyfriend feel miserable.
I made my father feel miserable.
I made him feel sad.
I made this man feel sad.
I made this boy feel sad.
I made my brother feel sad.
I made my son feel sad.
I made my husband feel sad.
I made my boyfriend feel sad.
I made my father feel sad.
He made me feel depressed.
This man made me feel depressed.
This boy made me feel depressed.
My brother made me feel depressed.
My son made me feel depressed.
My husband made me feel depressed.
My boyfriend made me feel depressed.
My father made me feel depressed.
He made me feel devastated.
This man made me feel devastated.
This boy made me feel devastated.
My brother made me feel devastated.
My son made me feel devastated.
My husband made me feel devastated.
My boyfriend made me feel devastated.
My father made me feel devastated.
He made me feel disappointed.
This man made me feel disappointed.
This boy made me feel disappointed.
My brother made me feel disappointed.
My son made me feel disappointed.
My husband made me feel disappointed.
My boyfriend made me feel disappointed.
My father made me feel disappointed.
He made me feel miserable.
This man made me feel miserable.
This boy made me feel miserable.
My brother made me feel miserable.
My son made me feel miserable.
My husband made me feel miserable.
My boyfriend made me feel miserable.
My father made me feel miserable.
He made me feel sad.
This man made me feel sad.
This boy made me feel sad.
My brother made me feel sad.
My son made me feel sad.
My husband made me feel sad.
My boyfriend made me feel sad.
My father made me feel sad.
He found himself in a depressing situation.
This man found himself in a depressing situation.
This boy found himself in a depressing situation.
My brother found himself in a depressing situation.
My son found himself in a depressing situation.
My husband found himself in a depressing situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a depressing situation.
My father found himself in a depressing situation.
He found himself in a gloomy situation.
This man found himself in a gloomy situation.
This boy found himself in a gloomy situation.
My brother found himself in a gloomy situation.
My son found himself in a gloomy situation.
My husband found himself in a gloomy situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a gloomy situation.
My father found himself in a gloomy situation.
He found himself in a grim situation.
This man found himself in a grim situation.
This boy found himself in a grim situation.
My brother found himself in a grim situation.
My son found himself in a grim situation.
My husband found himself in a grim situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a grim situation.
My father found himself in a grim situation.
He found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
This man found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
This boy found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
My brother found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
My son found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
My husband found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
My father found himself in a heartbreaking situation.
He found himself in a serious situation.
This man found himself in a serious situation.
This boy found himself in a serious situation.
My brother found himself in a serious situation.
My son found himself in a serious situation.
My husband found himself in a serious situation.
My boyfriend found himself in a serious situation.
My father found himself in a serious situation.
He told us all about the recent depressing events.
This man told us all about the recent depressing events.
This boy told us all about the recent depressing events.
My brother told us all about the recent depressing events.
My son told us all about the recent depressing events.
My husband told us all about the recent depressing events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent depressing events.
My father told us all about the recent depressing events.
He told us all about the recent gloomy events.
This man told us all about the recent gloomy events.
This boy told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My brother told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My son told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My husband told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My father told us all about the recent gloomy events.
He told us all about the recent grim events.
This man told us all about the recent grim events.
This boy told us all about the recent grim events.
My brother told us all about the recent grim events.
My son told us all about the recent grim events.
My husband told us all about the recent grim events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent grim events.
My father told us all about the recent grim events.
He told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
This man told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
This boy told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My brother told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My son told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My husband told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My father told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
He told us all about the recent serious events.
This man told us all about the recent serious events.
This boy told us all about the recent serious events.
My brother told us all about the recent serious events.
My son told us all about the recent serious events.
My husband told us all about the recent serious events.
My boyfriend told us all about the recent serious events.
My father told us all about the recent serious events.
The conversation with him was depressing.
The conversation with this man was depressing.
The conversation with this boy was depressing.
The conversation with my brother was depressing.
The conversation with my son was depressing.
The conversation with my husband was depressing.
The conversation with my boyfriend was depressing.
The conversation with my father was depressing.
The conversation with him was gloomy.
The conversation with this man was gloomy.
The conversation with this boy was gloomy.
The conversation with my brother was gloomy.
The conversation with my son was gloomy.
The conversation with my husband was gloomy.
The conversation with my boyfriend was gloomy.
The conversation with my father was gloomy.
The conversation with him was grim.
The conversation with this man was grim.
The conversation with this boy was grim.
The conversation with my brother was grim.
The conversation with my son was grim.
The conversation with my husband was grim.
The conversation with my boyfriend was grim.
The conversation with my father was grim.
The conversation with him was heartbreaking.
The conversation with this man was heartbreaking.
The conversation with this boy was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my brother was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my son was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my husband was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my boyfriend was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my father was heartbreaking.
The conversation with him was serious.
The conversation with this man was serious.
The conversation with this boy was serious.
The conversation with my brother was serious.
The conversation with my son was serious.
The conversation with my husband was serious.
The conversation with my boyfriend was serious.
The conversation with my father was serious.
