They feel depressed.
This person feels depressed.
This child feels depressed.
My child feels depressed.
My sibling feels depressed.
My spouse feels depressed.
My partner feels depressed.
My parent feels depressed.
They feel devastated.
This person feels devastated.
This child feels devastated.
My child feels devastated.
My sibling feels devastated.
My spouse feels devastated.
My partner feels devastated.
My parent feels devastated.
They feel disappointed.
This person feels disappointed.
This child feels disappointed.
My child feels disappointed.
My sibling feels disappointed.
My spouse feels disappointed.
My partner feels disappointed.
My parent feels disappointed.
They feel miserable.
This person feels miserable.
This child feels miserable.
My child feels miserable.
My sibling feels miserable.
My spouse feels miserable.
My partner feels miserable.
My parent feels miserable.
They feel sad.
This person feels sad.
This child feels sad.
My child feels sad.
My sibling feels sad.
My spouse feels sad.
My partner feels sad.
My parent feels sad.
The situation makes them feel depressed.
The situation makes this person feel depressed.
The situation makes this child feel depressed.
The situation makes my child feel depressed.
The situation makes my sibling feel depressed.
The situation makes my spouse feel depressed.
The situation makes my partner feel depressed.
The situation makes my parent feel depressed.
The situation makes them feel devastated.
The situation makes this person feel devastated.
The situation makes this child feel devastated.
The situation makes my child feel devastated.
The situation makes my sibling feel devastated.
The situation makes my spouse feel devastated.
The situation makes my partner feel devastated.
The situation makes my parent feel devastated.
The situation makes them feel disappointed.
The situation makes this person feel disappointed.
The situation makes this child feel disappointed.
The situation makes my child feel disappointed.
The situation makes my sibling feel disappointed.
The situation makes my spouse feel disappointed.
The situation makes my partner feel disappointed.
The situation makes my parent feel disappointed.
The situation makes them feel miserable.
The situation makes this person feel miserable.
The situation makes this child feel miserable.
The situation makes my child feel miserable.
The situation makes my sibling feel miserable.
The situation makes my spouse feel miserable.
The situation makes my partner feel miserable.
The situation makes my parent feel miserable.
The situation makes them feel sad.
The situation makes this person feel sad.
The situation makes this child feel sad.
The situation makes my child feel sad.
The situation makes my sibling feel sad.
The situation makes my spouse feel sad.
The situation makes my partner feel sad.
The situation makes my parent feel sad.
I made them feel depressed.
I made this person feel depressed.
I made this child feel depressed.
I made my child feel depressed.
I made my sibling feel depressed.
I made my spouse feel depressed.
I made my partner feel depressed.
I made my parent feel depressed.
I made them feel devastated.
I made this person feel devastated.
I made this child feel devastated.
I made my child feel devastated.
I made my sibling feel devastated.
I made my spouse feel devastated.
I made my partner feel devastated.
I made my parent feel devastated.
I made them feel disappointed.
I made this person feel disappointed.
I made this child feel disappointed.
I made my child feel disappointed.
I made my sibling feel disappointed.
I made my spouse feel disappointed.
I made my partner feel disappointed.
I made my parent feel disappointed.
I made them feel miserable.
I made this person feel miserable.
I made this child feel miserable.
I made my child feel miserable.
I made my sibling feel miserable.
I made my spouse feel miserable.
I made my partner feel miserable.
I made my parent feel miserable.
I made them feel sad.
I made this person feel sad.
I made this child feel sad.
I made my child feel sad.
I made my sibling feel sad.
I made my spouse feel sad.
I made my partner feel sad.
I made my parent feel sad.
They made me feel depressed.
This person made me feel depressed.
This child made me feel depressed.
My child made me feel depressed.
My sibling made me feel depressed.
My spouse made me feel depressed.
My partner made me feel depressed.
My parent made me feel depressed.
They made me feel devastated.
This person made me feel devastated.
This child made me feel devastated.
My child made me feel devastated.
My sibling made me feel devastated.
My spouse made me feel devastated.
My partner made me feel devastated.
My parent made me feel devastated.
They made me feel disappointed.
This person made me feel disappointed.
This child made me feel disappointed.
My child made me feel disappointed.
My sibling made me feel disappointed.
My spouse made me feel disappointed.
My partner made me feel disappointed.
My parent made me feel disappointed.
They made me feel miserable.
This person made me feel miserable.
This child made me feel miserable.
My child made me feel miserable.
My sibling made me feel miserable.
My spouse made me feel miserable.
My partner made me feel miserable.
My parent made me feel miserable.
They made me feel sad.
This person made me feel sad.
This child made me feel sad.
My child made me feel sad.
My sibling made me feel sad.
My spouse made me feel sad.
My partner made me feel sad.
My parent made me feel sad.
They found themselves in a depressing situation.
This person found themselves in a depressing situation.
This child found themselves in a depressing situation.
My child found themselves in a depressing situation.
My sibling found themselves in a depressing situation.
My spouse found themselves in a depressing situation.
My partner found themselves in a depressing situation.
My parent found themselves in a depressing situation.
They found themselves in a gloomy situation.
This person found themselves in a gloomy situation.
This child found themselves in a gloomy situation.
My child found themselves in a gloomy situation.
My sibling found themselves in a gloomy situation.
My spouse found themselves in a gloomy situation.
My partner found themselves in a gloomy situation.
My parent found themselves in a gloomy situation.
They found themselves in a grim situation.
This person found themselves in a grim situation.
This child found themselves in a grim situation.
My child found themselves in a grim situation.
My sibling found themselves in a grim situation.
My spouse found themselves in a grim situation.
My partner found themselves in a grim situation.
My parent found themselves in a grim situation.
They found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
This person found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
This child found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
My child found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
My sibling found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
My spouse found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
My partner found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
My parent found themselves in a heartbreaking situation.
They found themselves in a serious situation.
This person found themselves in a serious situation.
This child found themselves in a serious situation.
My child found themselves in a serious situation.
My sibling found themselves in a serious situation.
My spouse found themselves in a serious situation.
My partner found themselves in a serious situation.
My parent found themselves in a serious situation.
They told us all about the recent depressing events.
This person told us all about the recent depressing events.
This child told us all about the recent depressing events.
My child told us all about the recent depressing events.
My sibling told us all about the recent depressing events.
My spouse told us all about the recent depressing events.
My partner told us all about the recent depressing events.
My parent told us all about the recent depressing events.
They told us all about the recent gloomy events.
This person told us all about the recent gloomy events.
This child told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My child told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My sibling told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My spouse told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My partner told us all about the recent gloomy events.
My parent told us all about the recent gloomy events.
They told us all about the recent grim events.
This person told us all about the recent grim events.
This child told us all about the recent grim events.
My child told us all about the recent grim events.
My sibling told us all about the recent grim events.
My spouse told us all about the recent grim events.
My partner told us all about the recent grim events.
My parent told us all about the recent grim events.
They told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
This person told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
This child told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My child told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My sibling told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My spouse told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My partner told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
My parent told us all about the recent heartbreaking events.
They told us all about the recent serious events.
This person told us all about the recent serious events.
This child told us all about the recent serious events.
My child told us all about the recent serious events.
My sibling told us all about the recent serious events.
My spouse told us all about the recent serious events.
My partner told us all about the recent serious events.
My parent told us all about the recent serious events.
The conversation with them was depressing.
The conversation with this person was depressing.
The conversation with this child was depressing.
The conversation with my child was depressing.
The conversation with my sibling was depressing.
The conversation with my spouse was depressing.
The conversation with my partner was depressing.
The conversation with my parent was depressing.
The conversation with them was gloomy.
The conversation with this person was gloomy.
The conversation with this child was gloomy.
The conversation with my child was gloomy.
The conversation with my sibling was gloomy.
The conversation with my spouse was gloomy.
The conversation with my partner was gloomy.
The conversation with my parent was gloomy.
The conversation with them was grim.
The conversation with this person was grim.
The conversation with this child was grim.
The conversation with my child was grim.
The conversation with my sibling was grim.
The conversation with my spouse was grim.
The conversation with my partner was grim.
The conversation with my parent was grim.
The conversation with them was heartbreaking.
The conversation with this person was heartbreaking.
The conversation with this child was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my child was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my sibling was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my spouse was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my partner was heartbreaking.
The conversation with my parent was heartbreaking.
The conversation with them was serious.
The conversation with this person was serious.
The conversation with this child was serious.
The conversation with my child was serious.
The conversation with my sibling was serious.
The conversation with my spouse was serious.
The conversation with my partner was serious.
The conversation with my parent was serious.
